feat!: complete overhaul (#31)
catppuccin/rofi: README.md

<img src="assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage
1. Download the file with your desired flavour e.g. `catppuccin-mocha.rasi` ( which is found in the repository under the `themes` directory )
2. Copy it into your rofi config directory ( by default it's `~/.config/rofi` )

> 3. make sure to import the palette file before your theme configuration. e.g. `@import "catppuccin-mocha"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Import the palette file at the top of your [Rofi configuration file](https://davatorium.github.io/rofi/CONFIG/#create-an-empty-configuration-file). For example, `@import "catppuccin-mocha"`.
```

> 4. optionally you can also Download and copy `catppuccin-default` which is the default Rofi theme with catppuccin colors, then set it as your theme in the config file. `@theme "catppuccin-default"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Alternatively, you may want to simply use the default Rofi theme with the Catppuccin palette; download [`catppuccin-default.rasi`](./catppuccin-default.rasi) to your Rofi configuration directory and set it as your theme in the main Rofi configuration file with `@theme "catppuccin-default"`.
```

Author: you need to download the wanted flavour file to use the catppuccinfied default theme

Reviewer: Improved the wording of the suggestion to address what I think you were trying to say.

Author: sorry, it's my first time contributing to an open source project and english isn't my first language. 
since it's the 3rd point I don't think the clarification is necessary.

Reviewer: No worries, your English is fine! I don't use Rofi but these improvements look really good, nice job contributing :)

## 💝 Thanks to

- [AlphaTechnolog](https://github.com/AlphaTechnolog)
- [justTOBBI](https://github.com/justTOBBI)

> - [Mayro](https://github.com/0xmayro)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mayro](https://github.com/0xmayro)

```
